Today we will compare two plans
hdfcergo.com Let's
move on to the video hdfcergo.com
ratio
hdfc.com has is
72.6, we will talk about the unique selling points of
both, what are the unique selling
points of both, due to which these plans
are unique, so first is hdfcergo.com if you
take Super Secure then you get three times cover with 2x
and 3x lets, if you have taken a policy of 20 lakhs then
from the first year it will count 40 lakhs,
if you have taken a Super Secure then if you have taken a
policy of 20 lakhs then it will count 60 lakhs from the first year
Super Secure is a three
year policy, detailed videos are available on these also,
what are these plans and how do they
work, secondly unlimited restore
benefit is available, you can add a rider on it at a
very nominal premium, through which you
can restore your time share unlimited number of times, next benefit is deductible
option which makes this plan very  What
makes it attractive is the higher deductible options available
where you pay the initial amount yourself
and then claim from the insurance company,
its cost is very low
and another special thing is the NRI discount which is
available on hdfcfund.com. The
sum assured will be multiplied by 100%. If you
take a policy of Rs 10 lakh, it will become Rs 20 lakh. If you take a
policy of Rs 20 lakh, it will become Rs 40 lakh and it will keep
increasing in the same ratio every year. There is
no maximum limit.
Indefeasible is available up to Rs 20 lakh. If your
credit score is good, then you
can avail this discount. If you
take a policy of Rs 10 lakh and you
also get a claim of Rs 50 lakh, the insurance company will give you the discount. The
fifth USP is the maximum entry age is
125 years, so essentially you
can enter this policy at any age. There
is no restriction. Now let's talk about the
room eligibility. ADAC Argo
Optima  There is no room rent capping in Secure,
you can choose any room. ICICI
Lombard Elevate has a single private AC
room. If you want to modify the room,
upgrade or downgrade, then the option is available,
you can do that. Minimum Maximum Entry
Minimum entry age of an adult in HDFC Ergo
Secure is 18 years and maximum is 65 years.
Children from 91 days to 25 years can be
included in this policy.
In ICICI Lombard Elevate, the minimum entry age is 18 and
maximum is 125 years and the
minimum entry age of children is the same. Children from 91 days to
30 years can be included in it.
Minimum and maximum sum assured
in HDFC Ergo Secure is Rs 5 lakh and
maximum is Rs 2 crore. Minimum sum assured in ICICI Lombard
Elevate is Rs 5 lakh. Maximum
unlimited sum assured means
you can also choose unlimited sum assured. Both the policy tenures
One year, two year, three year
policy is available in the plans and no
cost EMI option is also available in HDFC Cergo, you
can choose that too. Bonus hdfcergo.com
gives a loyalty addition, for example, 50
next year and 50 next
year, so if your policy is 2x today,
then after 3 years it will become 3x. If your
policy is 3x today, then after 3 years it will become 4x.
ISI Lombard Elevate
gives you 20 cumet bonus every year.
Day care hospitalization up to maximum 100%
is covered in both the plans. Up to some short AYUSH
hospitalization, Ayurveda, Yoga, Unani,
Siddha, Homeopathy, their hospitalization
is also covered up to some short domicile
hospitalization where you
can get treatment at home. There are two conditions, one is if
beds are not available in the hospital,
second is if the patient is so critical that he
cannot be taken to the hospital, then domicile
hospitalization is covered in your plans.
Refill benefit restored  We also talk about benefits,
so your hdfcergo.com
Unlimited number of times
refill option is available in Elevate If your base sum gets
short exhausted then emergency
road ambulance
is covered in both the plans
The insurance
company will pay the actual expenses on that plan Emergency air ambulance
hdfcergo.com
You can claim annual health checkup
Pre and post hospitalization expenses
You can also get reimbursed the expenses before and after going to the hospital
60 days and 180 days e-consultation in ADAC Ergo Secure
90 days and
180 days e-consultation in ICSC Lombard Elevate So e-consultation
is included in ADAC Ergo Secure E-
consultation for 51 listed critical
illnesses and in ICSC Lombard if you
want to include tele-consultations then
you will have to choose an additional rider for that
Modern treatments and robotic
surgeries are included in both the plans  Covered are up
to sum assured non payable items so non
payable items which are consumable items
hdfcfund.com
expenses maternity expenses are
not covered in ADAC Cargo Secure and no
rider is available
rider is available in ICICI Lord Elevate for maternity coverage
for newborn baby expenses and
vaccination expenses
you can get maternity covered with a waiting period of two years co-
payment voluntary co-payment
is available in ICC Lord Elevate it is
not available in ADAC Secure deductible option
so deductible option as I
told you due to which the premium gets reduced
you select an initial amount
that you will pay this much premium
at the time of claim in
lieu of that the insurance company
gives you a discount so deductible options are
available in many HDFC Cargo
Secure
deductible option is not available in ICICI Lombard now let's talk
Let's talk about waiting periods.
In both the plans, the initial waiting period is 30
days. You cannot take the plan for hospitalization till 30 days.
Only accidental
emergencies are covered from day one. Specific
exclusions which are two years. Waiting period
which we also call slow growing illnesses is
of 24 months and in both the plans, the
list of illnesses which will not be covered till 24 months,
which are slow growing illnesses, are
specific exclusions.
Waiting period for pre-existing diseases which are
pre-existing conditions, has a waiting period of
36 months or 3 years in both the policies.
Now let's talk about the optional riders which
are available in these plans. So
hdfcergo.com Death and PTD Permanent Total
Disability and Permanent Partial
Disability is covered and Optima Well
Being which is an OPD rider. Now let's talk about the
riders of ICC Lombard Elevate. The
first one is  Durable Medical
Equipment Dependent Accommodation Benefit
Annual Health Check Ups We can add as a rider
Claim Protector so that your
non-payable items are covered Inflation
Protector where your sum assured gets enhanced every year
because of inflation
Power Booster where your sum assured will be
multiplied by 100% up to infinity every year,
meaning here if you have taken a policy for any sum assured
and you want to make a higher claim, you
can take it once in a policy
period Domestic Air Ambulance cover,
you can also take that by paying additional premium
Network Advantage means if you
choose Preferred Partner Network while
selecting the premium, then if you pay there then
you will have to pay less premium but if
you go beyond that to make a claim then
you will have to pay Rs. So
you can avoid Network Advantage also, then there is
Nursing at Home Compassionate Visit Conveyance
Benefit Critical Illness Sum Benefit in
case any  Critical illness is diagnosed as
personal accidental same, accidental death, permanent total disability, permanent partial disability,
lump sum payout will be made,
room
can be modified or downgraded, B Fit
rider which is their OPD rider, last but not the least
Jump Start, a new rider has been
included by IIC Lombard which is
AB CDO, Asthma, BP, Cholesterol,
Diabetes and Obesity, if you
want to get it covered from 30 days, then
you can get it covered by paying additional premium,
so now I will talk about who is
costing how much premium, so here
I will give you the premium without riders, so that will be
apple-fruit
and you will be able to choose one policy
from both, do not forget to do your due diligence
before choosing any policy,
quick reminder before leaving, if you have
not yet subscribed to our channel,
so that you get the right information at the
right time, we will meet in the next video
with a new topic, till then stay safe take care, bye bye